Ah, how could it be him by the wife?
mother
My son is indeed a great general, so majestic
This is Miss Su, right?
Sure enough, it's extravagant
Xiaolan has seen Auntie well
Hurry up and fulfill the contract
Today, I can finally get the yellow-faced woman at home
Kicked out
You're here, mother, look
This is my gift to my father
Daughter, why are you so amazing?
Like this sword
Daddy must have been very wronged to kill the enemy, right?
Daddy Daddy
daddy
Who is back?
This is the daughter of the emperor
My son has achieved today
But thanks to Miss Su
The so-called Guilin, right?
Well, you sit first.
I happened to ask about the celebration wine, I'll be right back
dislocation
What a rule
This is you.
The yellow-faced woman who can only do laundry and cook
Sure enough, the sour smell
Don't say my mother
come
Here comes the wine
Hey let me tell you
I buried this wine before you went on your expedition
Just in time for your triumphant return
It's like imported wine
Try it
Are you bored?
I didn't know you needed a loyal toast
Are you trying to hurt me?